README.md, before:

# Quick Dictionary

a dictionary app that take a word as an input and return a lexicon (definition, pronuncitions, etc) of that word

## Motivations

i've never using an API before, so i try using one by created this dictionary web app

## Build With

-   [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
-   [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/)
-   [headlessui](https://headlessui.com/)
-   [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/)
-   [next-theme](https://github.com/pacocoursey/next-themes)
-   [React Loading Skeleton](https://github.com/dvtng/react-loading-skeleton)
-   [react-icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)
-   [Tippy.js for React](https://github.com/atomiks/tippyjs-react)
-   [react-query](https://tanstack.com/query/v4/?from=reactQueryV3&original=https://react-query-v3.tanstack.com/)
-   [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios)
-   [clsx](https://github.com/lukeed/clsx)
-   [react-use](https://github.com/streamich/react-use)

## Demo

view this project at: [Quick Dictionary](https://quick-dictionary.vercel.app/)

## Setup

After you fork this project, navigate to the repository, and then open the command line and install the necessary packages:

```sh
npm install
```

After the installation has finished, run the following script in order to run the application:

```sh
npm run dev
```

Once the server is running, go to http://localhost:3000/ in your browser.

Commit message:

docs: change motivation description and title

README.md, after:

# Quick Dictionary

a dictionary app that take a word as an input and return a lexicon (definition, pronuncitions, etc) of that word

## Motivation

i've never using an API before, so i went up to google and search for an api and found out some word api, and gave it a tried

## Build With

-   [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
-   [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/)
-   [headlessui](https://headlessui.com/)
-   [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/)
-   [next-theme](https://github.com/pacocoursey/next-themes)
-   [React Loading Skeleton](https://github.com/dvtng/react-loading-skeleton)
-   [react-icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)
-   [Tippy.js for React](https://github.com/atomiks/tippyjs-react)
-   [react-query](https://tanstack.com/query/v4/?from=reactQueryV3&original=https://react-query-v3.tanstack.com/)
-   [Axios](https://github.com/axios/axios)
-   [clsx](https://github.com/lukeed/clsx)
-   [react-use](https://github.com/streamich/react-use)

## Demo

view this project at: [Quick Dictionary](https://quick-dictionary.vercel.app/)

## Setup

After you fork this project, navigate to the repository, and then open the command line and install the necessary packages:

```sh
npm install
```

After the installation has finished, run the following script in order to run the application:

```sh
npm run dev
```

Once the server is running, go to http://localhost:3000/ in your browser.
